epoch 1: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 2: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 3: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 4: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 5: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 6: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 7: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 8: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 9: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 10: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 11: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 12: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 13: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 14: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 15: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 16: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 17: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 18: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 19: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 20: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 21: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 22: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 23: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 24: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 25: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 26: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 27: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 28: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 29: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 30: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 31: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 32: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 33: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 34: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 35: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 36: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 37: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 38: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 39: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 40: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 41: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 42: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 43: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 44: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 45: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 46: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 47: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 48: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 49: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch 50: SSIM = nan, PSNR = nan
epoch0:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch1:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch2:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch3:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch4:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch5:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch6:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch7:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch8:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch9:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch10:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch11:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch12:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch13:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch14:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch15:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch16:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch17:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch18:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch19:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch20:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch21:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch22:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch23:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch24:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch25:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch26:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch27:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch28:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch29:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch30:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch31:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch32:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch33:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch34:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch35:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch36:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch37:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch38:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch39:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch40:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch41:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch42:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch43:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch44:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch45:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch46:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch47:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch48:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
epoch49:the SSIM isnanthe PSNR isnan
